enhancely.ai What is enhancely? Learn Integrations Pricing Blog Sign in Get started. What is enhancely? About What enhancely actually is. How enhancely works. The idea How enhancely works. How to set enhancely up. Setup How to setup enhancely. Why enhancely The Why Why should you choose enhancely? Already convinced? Check out our menu and get yummy schema for your website or shop. Order here → Learn about structured data Schema.org What is Schema.org? Learn what matters AI Optimization What matters in AI optimization? State of AI search optimization Research How are others doing? Learn about schema markup Schema.org How does schema markup work? Apr 5, 2026 · 9 min read Ready to make your website / shop yummy for bots? Order now → CMS WordPress Kirby Magnolia TYPO3 FirstSpirit Coremedia Headless CMS Contentstack Storyblok Contentful Frameworks JavaScript PHP Related Architecture enhancely for dev teams Need more? Take a look at our overview page. Integrations → enhancely.ai What is enhancely? What is enhancely? What enhancely actually is. How enhancely works. How enhancely works. How to set enhancely up. How to setup enhancely. Why enhancely Why should you choose enhancely? Learn Learn about structured data What is Schema.org? Learn what matters What matters in AI optimization? State of AI search optimization How are others doing? Learn about schema markup How does schema markup work? Integrations CMS WordPress Kirby Magnolia TYPO3 FirstSpirit Coremedia Headless CMS Contentstack Storyblok Contentful Frameworks JavaScript PHP Related enhancely for dev teams Pricing Blog Dark mode Light mode Get started. Sign in Blog Insights for the AI search era. We bring transparency to the AI search optimization market. Detailed insights into how AI search works, how LLMs process your content, and what it takes to become visible in the age of generative search. AI Search Does ChatGPT Even Know You Exist? A Simple Test Reveals the Truth Feb 16, 2026 Read article → // Latest Articles E-E-A-T E-E-A-T for the AI Era: How ChatGPT & Co. Recognize Your Brand as a Trustworthy Source Dec 8, 2025 Guide How to check schema markup on any website Apr 5, 2026 Knowledge Graphs Knowledge Graphs: How AI Systems Understand Your Website as a Whole Feb 9, 2026 Structured Data Schema Markup Explained: The Invisible Code That Makes Your Website Visible to AI Dec 14, 2025 AI Search SEO Alone Isn't Enough: What Changes with AI Search – And What Stays the Same Dec 17, 2025 3-C Framework The 3C Framework: A Research-Backed Approach for Content Quality Feb 2, 2026 3-C Framework The 3C Framework - Code: The Technical Foundation Feb 3, 2026 3-C Framework The 3C Framework - Content: How to Create Information AI Systems Want to Cite Feb 4, 2026 3-C Framework The 3C Framework - Credibility: Why AI Systems Trust Some Sources Feb 5, 2026 3-C Framework The Content-Code-Credibility Formula: What Really Matters for AI Search Visibility Dec 4, 2025 Web Standards WebMCP and NLWeb: Two New Standards Are Turning Websites Into AI Interfaces Feb 15, 2026 Architecture Why Composable Architecture Needs a Dedicated Structured Data Service Dec 19, 2025 Knowledge Graphs Why Your Developer Online Documentation Is Failing AI Coding Assistants – And How Knowledge Graphs Fix It Jan 25, 2026 E-Commerce Why Your Product Pages Are Invisible to AI Shopping Assistants – And How to Fix It Dec 10, 2025 enhancely.ai Your website is already perfect for humans. Make your website machine-readable with enhancely - Make it perfect for AI. GH in About enhancely What is enhancely? What is schema information? What matters for AI optimization? How to enhancely? Our maîtres - cool companies Integrate enhancely WordPress CMS x enhancely Contentstack CMS x enhancely Contentful CMS x enhancely Storyblok CMS x enhancely JavaScript x enhancely PHP x enhancely All integrate enhancely → Company About enhancely - the company About enhancely - the product Terms of use Privacy Policy Imprint Contact All company → © 2026 