Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip to page footer Project TYPO3 Association Submenu for "TYPO3 Association" TYPO3 Association Members & Membership (current) Funding & Finances Structure By-Laws Strategy Contact TYPO3 Company Submenu for "TYPO3 Company" TYPO3 Company Structure & Leadership Contact Governance & Values Submenu for "Governance & Values" Governance & Values Vision, Mission, and Purpose Community Values Decision-Making Security Data Privacy Rules, Guidelines, & Policies Strategic Collaboration Submenu for "Strategic Collaboration" Strategic Collaboration eco — Association of the Internet industry TYPO3 Association: Member Open Regulatory Compliance Working Group TYPO3 Association: Foundation Member Open Source Business Alliance (OSBA) TYPO3 Company: Member Open Source Initiative (OSI) TYPO3 Association: Affiliate Open Website Alliance (OWA) TYPO3 Association: Member and co-founder Menu Become a Member You are here: Project TYPO3 Association Members & Membership TYPO3 Members and Memberships Members and TYPO3 thrive together Association members support and shape the future of TYPO3. Businesses and individuals increase their visibility and build trust in their services. Invest in the success of TYPO3 and the security of your business.Make your voice heard on important topics through votes and polls.Receive official TYPO3 badges and discounts on events.Stay on top of the latest in the TYPO3 universe through member-only newsletters and information. Get listed A rewarding investment in open source When you become a TYPO3 member, you are added to the member directory: the definitive list of the businesses and individuals shaping the future of TYPO3. Search the Member Directory Members own TYPO3’s future Strong member support advances the TYPO3 platform. By becoming a member, you make a commitment to continuous learning, innovation, and the development of TYPO3. Increase your visibility and extend your reach by contributing to TYPO3 and participating in conferences and events as an official member. Learn more about each membership tier Being a member is both a statement of support for TYPO3 and your ticket to participate in and vote at the annual General Assembly and other decision-making processes. While all members have one vote each, higher membership tiers offer additional benefits. Our regular memberships have the widest range, from the affordable no-frills Community tier to the enterprise-level and benefit-packed Platinum option: Community — Entry-level membership unlimited by personal economy or exchange rates. It's the individual's engagement that counts.Compare Register now Bronze — The option for freelancers offering TYPO3 services to customers, or individuals using TYPO3 regularly.Compare Register now Silver — For small companies providing TYPO3 services or use TYPO3 as an end-user on a regular basis.Compare Register now Gold — For mid-sized companies providing TYPO3 services or using TYPO3 on a regular basis.Compare Register now Platinum — For companies doing little else than TYPO3 services, or who have made great savings by choosing a CMS with no license costs.Compare Register now Compare Membership Levels Memberships for every stakeholder Also site owners and other users of TYPO3 can become members and take part in shaping the future of TYPO3. In addition to the regular membership tiers, custom-tailored bronze, silver, and gold memberships are available to specific sectors: Regular Memberships Memberships for freelancers and businesses selling TYPO3-related services and individuals in the community. Read more Academic Memberships Memberships for universities, research institutions, and colleges that use TYPO3. Read more NGO Memberships Memberships for non-governmental organizations, as well as their branches or chapters that use TYPO3. Read more Public Sector Memberships Memberships for national and regional governments, municipalities, and cities, as well as companies they own. Read more Indus